
Dear S100 enthusist;

Thank you for your continued support on the S100 Replica IMSAI
chassis. There have been many questions and it's difficult
to keep up with all the questions. Please visit the PBworks
S100 chassis page for up to date developments and builders notes.


Chassi Notes

 1) Replica IMSAI chassis is designed around the replica IMSAI CPA
    front panel PCB and the S100 9-slot backplane. Please note that 
    the switch positions are a little skewed so it's not a drop in 
    exact replacement for the original IMSAI. Same goes for the switch
    bezel.

 2) IMSAI chassis configurations ship with:
     - Switch bracket (Mounts to PCB board)
     - Two plexi glass clear panels.
     - Powered coated Front switch bezel
     - The photomask and white paper backing are NOT included. These
       are still a work in progress and final design is still being
       researched. Our two options are a vynyl negative or a clear 
       film negative printed on a UV printer. Reports have been made that
       printing on a transparancy with an 11x17 printer could be possible.
 
  3) Chassis kits do NOT come with:
     - Paddle switches. They can be ordered separatly. 
     - Cooling Fan. This could be AC or DC depending on which power supply
       you go with. I didn't want to lock people in. 
     - IMSAI graphics photomask
     - White Paper backing for photomask
     - Power supply

  4) Switch brackets. Two style switch brackets are available which provide
     strain relief for the switches as to not crack traces on the PCB. 
     a) FP Mini - 2-56 machine screws are provided. Youll need to tap the
        holes as they are un threaded. You might be able to use a #4 x 1/4
        sheet metal screw instead. May require drilling the holes a little 
        larger. 
     b) Full size CPA. The bracket is mounted to the CPA using holes labeled
        P3 and P4. Use 1/2" nylon spacers and 7/8" nylon screw anmd nut.
        DO NOT solder your switches into the PCB until you have them 
        mounted on the switch bracket. This will ensure that your switches
        are even and uniform.
        The paddle switches are mounted to the bracket using #6 x 1/4 sheet 
        metal screws. I personaly like to tap and use a machine screw. The 
        sheet metal screws are easly striped. Use an M4 tap and M4 screw for
        best fit.

  5) CP-A PCB mounting.
     Unfortunitly the vendor installed the incorrect size cinch nuts for the eight
     mounting holes (P5-P12) in the front sheet metal part. The cinch nuts used were 
     metric ??? which will not fit through the holes in the CP-A board. 
     The holes in the CPA PCB were designed for 6-32 x 1 1/2 screws. Some kits were 
     shipped with the 6-32 replacement cinch nuts but it's up to you to replace them. 
     It may be easier to just use regular 6-32 nuts and epoxy them in place. 
     I'll try and get a video together to show replacement options.
     16 1/4" nylon spacers are needed to mount the PCB and plexiglass. I was shipping
     these in the kits but ran out. If you need a set please email me a request.

  6) Backplane.
     Chassis was designed to use Josh's 9-slot backplane. The backplane must be mounted
     to the bottom of the chassi with screws and nylon spacers or I found that the old
     PC brass stand-offs (or better yet the nylon standoffs) work as well. I am no 
     longer shipping these. I've found that not all of the female S100 connectors 
     are the same height. You'll need to experiment with nylon spacers and file or 
     trim accordingly. I poersonally like the nylon stand-offs. Order short ones and
     you can add nylon washers to get to correct height, or extra long and cut as needed.

  7) Card cage. 
     The mounting holes for the card guides are a little to large. The guieds
     fit however they are a little loose. Try some CA glue to secure. A soldering iron
     could also be used to melt a tab. Walt Pergo has created a 3D printed version. 
     See the PBWorks website for the 3D files to print your own.

  8) Cover screw holes. The holes for the four mounting screws in the powder coated 
     cover are too small. Drill out to fit the M4 machine screws. Cover is attatched 
     with M4 machine screws. Chassis has mating M4 rivnuts. This modification has 
     been done on some kits.

